Explain the third party means (#12964)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-third-party-tools-compatibility.md

> - `XA` syntax
>
> The preceding unsupported features are expected behavior and are not listed in this document. For more details, see [MySQL Compatibility](/mysql-compatibility.md).

> >
> > Those incompatibility issues were found in some [third-party](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third-party_source) tools supported by TiDB.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The incompatibility issues listed in this document are found in some [third-party tools supported by TiDB](/develop/dev-guide-third-party-tools-compatibility.md).

```
